# Adding Action Creators

The Action Creator called `searchRepositories(term)` will make a request off to the NPM API. We will pass to it some search term that's going to be a String. 

## New dir and file

dir: src > state: in here create new dir called 'action-creators'. Inside create new file called 'index.ts'.

If our app grows in size we can create an other file inside of this dir. So we don't need have all our action creators inside of index.ts 

### `searchRepositories` Action Creator

Our Async Action Creator which is a func, will take the search term from the user.
Since we going to make use of the redux thunk, we return an async func, that will be called with the dispatch func and we annotate with as a String. This is how we manually dispatch actions directly into the store and get those all processed by our reducer. Inside here we right our async logic code so when we get a response (i.e. an error) from the API manually dispatch some kind of action. Inside of this func we first make sure that we immediately dispatch an action of type. This will turn our loading flag to true and hopefully eventually will update our UI to say: "We're currently making request".

### Make our request

Maker our request wrapped inside of a try catch block so if anything go wrong with the request will end up in the catch statement. Let handle this catch case first. 

The err object has a message prop, we take that and provide it as payload  - can be a string describing what just went wrong.



