# 357 The Any Type

**When to use annotations**
This is when we add type annotations manually instead as we can't rely on type inference.
1. When a func returns the 'any' type and we need to clarify the value.
2. When we declare a variable on one line then initialize it later (on a different line).
3. When we want a variable to have a type that can't be inferred.

If we declare variable and assign a value to it on same line then TS will use Type Inferance for us. So try to do the whole thing on one line where possible.

When we mouse-over coordinates variable we see the type-of any. Same with parse.
This means the JSON.parse() func returns the any type.

1. declare variable and assign an object to it.
2. Turn above string into a JSON format Object.
3. Logout coordinates variable:
4. Mouse over coordinates variable and notice TS thinks that coordinates is of type 'any'. Same when we mouse over the `JSON.parse()` func. This means the JSON.parse() func the 'any' type. 
```js
const json = '{"x": 10, "y": 20}';
const coordinates = JSON.parse(json); 
console.log(coordinates); // {x: 10, y: 20};
```

5. What do the 'any' type mean?
We can open up a Javascript console in browser and call: `JSON.parse('5')`
we'll get back a number of `5`. So we can pass in different strings into this func and we can get back very different value types.
So when diagram shows that anytime we call `JSON.parse()` we get back some very different value types. Problem is TS doesn't know what we're going
going to geto ut of this func as it depends on the string we put in that func. So TS can't predict what we'll get back from that func.
This is why TS will give us the 'any' type.

'Any' type is:
- A type, just as 'string' or 'boolean' are.
- Means TS has no idea what this is - can't check for correct property references.
- Avoid variables with 'any' at all costs.

Avoid as the point of TS is to catch errors inside of our IDE and we can do that due to the types such as string, number, boolean etc.

'Any' type means TS can't do any error checking around that value.
If we call a property from an object that don't exist then TS will tell us this is an error 


