# 378 Functions In Interfaces

***Refactor our code***
Our aim of this refactor task is to make interface definition much more condensed and naming of func more generic.

Since our printVehicle func is only accessing the summary prop. Therefore, inside of the Vehicle interface delete the additional props. No error when we call the printVehicle func with oldCivic passed-in as the oldCivic object has the summary func that returns a string (ES2025 string interpolation). Its ok to have the additional props in oldCivic object.

## Reportable interface
Change the interface name from Vehicle to Reportable. This is something that can be reported.
Update the printVehicle func > type of Vehicle to Reportable.
Something that is reportable has a summary that returns a String.

Now our interface is a lot shorter and generic.

## printVehicle func
This func takes a param of vehicle which is something that can be reported on. Then logout a summary about that thing. Therefore, no make more sense, change the param or prop vehicle to item and update the param in side the console.log() func.

Update the name of this summary to printSummary as this makes more sense now.

### Refactor 02
Calling the interface Vehicle is not generic enough and will make more sense to rename it to: Reportable.

Now, update the param - the vehicle pro name thats for the printVehicle func to the type of Reportable. 

#### printVehicle func
The param name which is the prop name as well, change it from vehicle to item as this is more generic and makes more sense. Then update the console.log() func.
Rename printVehicle func name to printSummary.

#### Call the printVehicle func
Update this to printSummary() since we changed the name of the func above.

