# 17. Type Unions in State

Add some code inside of our `onclick()` func. To do this we interate through the persons array which is a list of our guests we want to invite to our party.

As soon as we find a name from that list that matches our name piece of state we going to show that found persons details under the button element.

There is a couple of different ways we can write the searching logic inside of the `onclick()` func. The easiest way is to use the `find()` func built into JS Arrays. This func will be called with every persons inside of the persons array one by one. So will receive person as the param
. Then inside the func will return: person.name === name; 
This is our name piece of state.
The `find()` func is going to call the user arrow func until we return a truthy value.
The person we find will then be assigned or stored inside the `foundPerson` variable.

## Printout the `foundPerson` data
Take the info of the person we found and print that out within our return method > JSX block. To do this we add a new hook with new piece of state called: person:

```js
const [person, setPerson] = useState();

```

### Default value for our piece of state `person`
All the possible value we going to assign to person. Put in a generic type to useState: write out all the possible types that will be stored inside of the `person` piece of state.

```js
  const [person, setPerson] = useState<{
  name: string;
  age: number;
  isVegan: boolean
} | undefined>();
```

Now TS understands that the `person` piece of state is either going to be either an object like that or undefined. Now we can use the setter `setPerson` we use to update our `person` piece of state after doing 
our search: `setPerson(foundPerson)`.

## Printout persons name
Do this within the return method (JSX block) and after the btn element. Here write a new div element and dynamically printout here. Error: person possibily undefined. To fix this we use the `&&` operator. This will try to access person name if a person is a truthy value.

Only access `user.name` if user is a truthy value. So if `person` is defined (if user types in a name that exists) then printout `user.name`. Otherewise don't print anything.


```js
<div>
  {person && person.name}
</div>
```

### Conclusion
For our second hook, we can't rely on type inference so we have to write type annotation for that to tell TS the different possible types of value that we ever going to assign to this piece of state. 

### Bug
At the moment I'm not able to get the value for the property `isVegan` to printout. I have inspected the UI to find the bug but not luck at the moment. I'll come back to this another time. See my screen shot.