# 354 Object Literal Annotations

## Array with annotation

Use annotation when declaring a variable that is type of an Array of Strings.

```js
let colors: string[] = ['red', 'green', 'blue'];
```

The annotation on the left is NOT creating an Array but stating that the value stored in side of variable has the type of an Array.

Use annotation when declaring a variable that is type of array of numbers.

```js
let myNumbers: number[] = [1, 2, 3];
```

Use annotation when declaring a variable that is type of array of booleans.

```js
let truths: boolean[] = [true, true, false];
```
## Classes with annotation
Add in type annotation with an instance of class car.

```js
// A empty class called Car. Notice the uppercase 'C' for the class Car.
class Car {
  ...
}

/* 
The type of class 'Car':
The variable 'car' is ever only going to refer to an instant of a class of 'Car' as 'car' is a variable that refers to an instant of a 'Car'.
The type of value that we want to assign to variable car is the class of 'Car' to make an instance of class 'Car'.
What creates our instants is the 'new Car' func on the right side of the equals oporator and this value will get stored in the variable of 'car'.
*/
let car: Car = new Car();
```

## Object literal
How to add in type annotation for an Object Literal.

Declare an variable call point, assign it an Object that has an x property and an y property, simultaneously adding in a type annotation for this point variable. Now we can only assign an Object to point that has an x property that's a number type, and an y property that's a number type as well.

```js
let point: { x: number; y: number } = {
  x: 10,
  y: 20
};
```

**The Rule**
If we assign a bad value on the right side that don't agree with the type on the left side, will get an error msg on the variable which will be underlined in red. Same rule applies to an Object as well. Example, if we assign a String to property x, then that property will get underline in red meaning it has an error msg and we need to fix it by hover over it to read ther error and take action to fix it.



