# 27. Redux Store Design

In a normal Redux project it is worth the time to think about the design of your store before writing code.
Think about the different reducers, the info they're going to hold, some of the different action creators and actions your going to need to create as well. 

## Diagram - The Design of our Redux Store

approach of how we going to design our redux store. 

## The Data

The data we will fetch from the NPM API. This is the url we going to make a request to do a search for all packages with some kind of keyword.
Hard code search keyword will be: `react`. This means a user looking for packages of `react`.

***`registry.npmjs.org/-/v1/search?text=react`***
***Searching NPM***

I've pasted that url into browser and I can see what data we have to work with from this API. 
We have a top level object, inside of it is a object property, and then objects is an array of objects due to the square brackets. Each of those objects has a package property. 

### The Terminology

We are fetcing `packages` from NPM.
`packages` is a reserved keyword in TS (like `for`, `import`, etc).
Therefore, we are going to call NPM packages `repositories`.

### Design our Redux Store

This is a diagram of the design of our Redux store - see attached screenshot.

repositories:
1. data: list of repositories.
2. loading: True/false whether we are fetching dat.
3. error: String, error message if one occurred during fetch.

Inside of our Redux Store we have one kind of slice or a piece of state called repositories. This repositories piece of state will be produced by a repositories reducer, and this reducer will maintain 3 different props inside of it.

If we are loading we will show a loding spinner. If we get an error then we show the error. otherwise, we show the data on screen.

### Action Creators

We need to think about the different Action Creators and Actions we need to send into the repositories reducer.
We only need one action creator called `searchRepositories(term)` and pass-in the search term we want to use for our search.

This Action Creators will dispatch one of the actions. Action Creators can produce an action and send over to our redux store to be processed by all of our different reducers.

#### Actions
`SearchRepositoires`: going to indicate that we have made a request and its currently pending.
`SearchRepositoriesSuccess`: will indicate we successfully made the request.
`SearchRepositoriesError`: we received a list of search results and then search repositories Error will be if we ever run into an error during that request that we're making. 

To support each of these actions (which are objects) we need some different Action Types so we can correctly identify these different actions inside.
These will always be Strings and will be something like:

`search_repostiories`
`search_repostiories_success`
`search_repostiories_error`
These are very standard action types.

## The Conclusion

The above are all the different things we need to develop on our redux side of our React App.

1. Write our action creator.
2. Write three different actions.
3. Write three different action types.
4. One single reducer (that has three different props) inside of redux store.

### How to impliment

How should we implement all the stuff above? We need a sound directory/folders within our code base.

In a typical Redux project there are many different import statements that reach from our components folder into may different places inside of our redux directory.
Avoid this approach and created a single entryi point.

Import all our different action creators, middleware, action types into our index.ts file. Then re-export it from that file. So if any files need anything from our redux side of things, they just need to get from the index.js file.

'src' Folder:
1. components: App.tsx, RepositoriesList.tsx
2. index.ts: reducers, action creators, middle-wares.
















