# Executing TypeScript (TS) Code

**Task***
Develop a very simple TS program and then execute it at the terminal.

**Method**
Inside project dir create new file: index.ts

The purpose of this lecture is to demo why TS is useful not to learn TS syntax.

Fetch some JSON data and print out the results.
Use axios to make network req to this url which is just the first `todo` item 
and attempt to fetch that JSON data. This operation is async, so by calling axios.get 
we'll receive a Promise in return.
To get notification on when the req is complete, we can chain on a `then` statement 
that will be called with the response once we get a response from that API. 
Then logout the JSON we get back which should be the actual `todo` that we received 
back from that API. This is the entire program so we just need to run it. First compile
this file into vanilla JS, then execute the resulting JS code. Access the compiler:
$ tsc index.ts
index.js will appear in our file explorer which is our compiled version of our index.ts
To run this use the node cmd line tool to execute the compile JS file we just created:
$ node index.js
I now see the `todo` printed out in terminal:

```js
{ userId: 1, id: 1, title: 'delectus aut autem', completed: false }
```

## Combine cmd's
To combine the two cmd into one we use the a module we installed before using $ ts-node
to do this. This cmd will compile a given file and then auto execute the resulting JS. 
So run that with the file we want to execute: 
`$ ts-node index.ts` 
Yes, it worked as I have the same JSON data printed out in terminal.