# 9 The Big Difference with Props

When we expect to receive some props inside of a child component, we're going to difine an interface inside of that component file.

That interface is going to define exactly what properties we expect our child component to receive. Example, the names of all these different props and the type of value that need to be provided for each prop as well. 

***diagram***
Parent -> Child [ interface to define what props Child expects to receive ].

By adding in this interface we are allowing TS to add in 2 really big checks over our entire code base - see below:
1. Are we providing the correct props to Child when we show it in Parent component?
2. Are we using the correctly named + typed props in Child component (inside the actual functional component)?

## The project rts

1. Parent component
2. Child component

### Child.tsx
1. At the top define an interface called ChildProps. The first letter MUST be uppercase letter.
2. Define or describe all different props we expect this Child component to receive. Example one single prop called colour and the type of value for that prop will be a String.

Now that we've defined our interface we need to apply it to component in some way.
1. add-in a props param and annotate it as ChildProps.
2. Usually we don't receive the whole props param but just get particular props out that we want to access inside of component.
3.  Make use of colour prop inside of div element.
4. Now when we hover over the colour prop we can see TS knows that its a String as expected.

### Parent.tsx
1. Now the Parent component has an error or bug. This is the other check that TS is able to do inside of Parent.
2. TS is saying: your trying to show an instance of the child component, but not provided the correct set of props to it.
3. We not provided a colour prop and must be provided as a string.
4. So add this: `colour="red"`
5. So the interface definition is used both in the Child and in the Parent as well.

## Next Up



