# 376 Fixing Annotations with Interfaces

## What is an interface
***Problem***
We have a very long annotation on the `printVehicle` func. If we had multiple func's in the interfaces.ts file and all expected to be called with `printVehicle` we would need to repeat this type annotation several times over which would be vialating the DRY principle.

***Solution***
Write an interface inside of the same file.

### Example 01
Define an interface using the interface keyword. Then a name for the new type that we are creating such as `Vehicle`.
When writing an interface always use a ***cap*** letter at the start. Using a generic term such as `Vehicle`
rather than `OldCivic`, to describe what properties a `Vehicle` may have. 
Inside the body of this code block, list out the properties that the `Vehicle` object may have and their different types. In order to be an Vehicle you must have the follow properties...
`Vehicle` is like a varible that refers to a type.

```js
interface Vehicle {
  name: string;
  year: number;
  broken: boolean;
};
```

Now we can replace the long type annotation within the `printVehicle` func with just our `Vehicle` interface/variable.
In order to call this `printVehicle` func, we must pass in an object that meets the spec provided by the 
`Vehicle` interface. This allows TS to do checking for us.

```js
const printVehicle = (vehicle: Vehicle): void => {
  console.log(`Name: ${vehicle.name}`);
  console.log(`Year: ${vehicle.year}`);
  console.log(`Broken? ${vehicle.broken}`)
};
```

TS will look at the `oldCivic` object and make sure that it satisfies the `Vehicle` infterface by going
through each properties and the values for each one.

```js
printVehicle(oldCivic);
```

If we make a typo on a property of our `oldCivic` object then TS will throw an error to tell us that we have a BUG that
we need to fix.
