# 22. Applying Types to Refs

Create a ref using the useRef hook inside of a function component and properly type it with TS.

## The web app
The userSearch component. Now we will add in one additional feature to it. We will make sure that whenever we show this component on the screen, we auto focus or select the input field. So user can immediately start typing some text inside input without having to first click into it. 

### Steps
1. Get a copy of our userSearch component just so we have kind of a separate record of it with all this ref stuff added to it. We'll add in a ref to the text input and take it from there. 

## Type annotation
The changes we need to make are:

There are different interfaces that describe different kinds of html elements we can create. We can lookup a list of all these differnt interfaces by writing out somethng like html input element, then do a cmd + click on it. Now we see a full listing of all the different interfaces describing all possible all html elements such as one for `HTMLInputElement`, `HTMLFormElement`.

After we annotate the useRef() hook, we still see error on the `ref` prop inside of the input element within JSX. When this UserSearch component first render on screen, we're creating this `ref` and TS don't know if this hook is going to be assigned to any element yet. This is why TS assumes the useRef() hook we are creating may be `null` since we may not apply it to any elemetn being returned from our component. So to better cater for that we write: `| null` and give it a default value of null as well. The pipe operator means "OR" in JS. Now, we are telling TS that we're creating a `useRef()` hook and its going to have an initial starting value of `null`. 

The declaration on the right:
At some point in time this variable is pointing to might be of type `null` but other points in time it might point to an HTML input element.

Now we have our `useRef()` and we have hooked it up to our text input element.  Whenever our component appears on the screen, we get access to that `ref` and we attempt to focus the text input.