# 20. Typing Standalone Event Handlers

Previous lecture we mannual applied a type annotation to an event of type change eveent. There are other kinds of events that we want to use in our React project:
1. form submission
2. drag event when user clicks and drag on an element.
The chnage event type is only applicable to elements that can be changed such as text inputs, text area, radio buttons, checkboxes etc. How do we apply a type to these other kind of events? 

## Example 01
After the input, write a div and inside write plain text of Drag Me!

Inside the open div, add an attribute of of `draggable`.

Then write a prop called: `onDragStart`, and reference a callback func called: `onDragStart`.

About, define the `onDragStart` func. This will get invoked whenever a user starts dragging this div. To quickly test this out, write a console.log() statement with a String of: i'm being dragged.

### onDragStart prop
To find the type for this event, we mouse over it and will see:

```js
React.DOMAttributes<HTMLDivElement>.onDragStart?:((event: React.DragEvent<HTMLDivElement>) => void) | undefined
```

### Other events
cmd + click on DragEvent type and this will take us to the type definition file for react itself. Here is a listing of all the different kinds of events inside of our app from html elements:

1. ClipboardEvent: where user copy/past info.
2. CompositionEvent: related to things like autocomplete on mobile devices.
3. PointerEvent: when user use a pen on somethng like a tablet.
4. FocusEvent: for when user clicks into an element.

