# 355 Annotations Around Functions

The syntax for this is more complex than for the other concepts such as for Arrays, Classes and Object Literals.

## Task 01:
1. Declare an arrow func and call it with 'i' which is the argument/parameter.
In the body of the code block, console log out the 'i' argument.
The syntax on right side of equals operator is the func, on the left side is the variable. This func is called the 'logNumber' arrow func.
To remove the grey underline on 'i', we just add in the type of number. This sytax is not the sytax we are worried about for this lecture.
2. Add in type annotation for the variable/func of 'logNumber'.
We want to use a type annotation to describe what tpe of value we are assigning to this variable (which is also a func). So we add in some code that tell TS some info about this func.

What properties do we really care about with a func? 
We care about what arguments will go into this func, and what different types of values we expect the func to return. So this is the info we'll code inside this annotation.

The annotation is between the first colon and the upto the type void. This will tell TS what type to assign to the logNumber variable. Eventhough this looks like a func but its NOT and it is not code that will NOT get invoked/run. Its just a description of a func. The syntx on the right of the equals operator is the actual func we use to provide the implementation.

```js
// Annotation: I expect this fun to have an arguement of 'i' that is the type of number and the value I expect this func to return is nothing so will use the type of void.
const logNumber: (i: number) => void = (i: number) {
  console.log(i);
};
```

### Type Annotations Vs Type Inference
If we delete the annotation and hover over the variable we don't get an error as this is Type Inference working behind the scence. However, can we really rely on that to prevent bugs in our code base? Find out in the next lecture.



