# 16. More on State

Develop one more component to get a better idea how state works with TS - a UserSearch component.

## The goal

1. How a title at top
2. An input field or box for user to enter their name.
3. A Find button.

Take whatever user types in the input and attempt to find that person and printout the user info at the bottom. If user search for a name that don't exist then we'll return "Person not found" plain text. This will be developed inside of one single component.

### Hard code a list of people
A list of people for our user to search over.
When a user enters a name that do exists inside of our app then we want to display that person and some info about that person.

### Screen shot
I've been able to run this web app and I can see it works as expected. See my screen shot in this project.

## Type Annotation
So far only the UserSearch func has been annotated. This is to tell TS this is a React function component rather than any other JS framework or library such as Vue.js or Angular.js

## person array
This is my data of my friends who are invited to my party. My user simply need to type there name into the input field and click Find Person button. If their name matches with a person within the persons array then their name will get displayed on the UI. However, this part will be developed in the next lecture.

### onChange() callback func
The event object `e` get passed into the onChange() callback func so that the setName() func is called to set the name piece of state.

#### Next up
In the next lecture I will complete the onClick function so there is code within the body of this code block.